Discovered noble Zhao Hua even though there was no willow disease.
But...
But what?
Dr. Choi, but it's okay.
Millions of people have given birth.
What emperor?
Dr. Choi means that Lady Zhao Hua was not a virgin before entering the palace.
Yes.
Let me hit her 30 grand a day.
Your Majesty, don't be angry.
The Dragon Body is Important
Princess
These days
You and the baby in your stomach.
If it wasn't for that vile woman who looked 90 percent like the queen, my eldest grandson would have confused me.
Why did I look at her one more time?
Your Majesty, I understand.
The princess's body was a little tired.
Dr. Choi, quickly check the princess's pulse.
Yes.
Congratulations, Your Majesty.
Congratulations, Princess.
The pregnant lady is the little prince.
Prince, my first child is a prince.
I want to make him a prince.
I also want to give you a gift.
I'll style it for you.
Your Majesty.
The Queen wrote a letter.
What did the Queen say?
The Queen Mother's letter said that the harem could not have a day without a queen.
Let the emperor be crowned as soon as possible.
Queen